삼성전자(주)
해외영업·무역영업
주짓수/ 친화력, 외국어, 주짓수
도날드 트럼프
성공한 사업가이자 정치인으로, 실제 미국의 경제를 살리고 있기 때문에
I applied to Samsung Electronics` company`s foreign business position for two main reasons, which are my extroversive personality.
First of all, I am convinced that my extroversive personality will fit well with the foreign business job. I have experience living in foreign countries for over 14 years, which gave me an opportunity to interact with thousands of people of different races, with personalities and thoughts. My lifestyle eventually granted me a strong communication skill so I can become friend with any person I met, no matter what background they have.
Secondly, I am a trilingual person who can speak Korean, English and Mandarin, and all at native-level. My life in Mandarin society made me naturally acquired native-level Mandarin, and my experience at American high school had given me a fluent English ability. With my long-time experience interacting with foreigners, my advanced language skill will be beneficial in the foreign business.
If I get accepted by your company, I want to be a competent business leader whose skill is being recognized by everyone. To achieve my goal, I will put all my efforts to learn works from my seniors at the entry level. Then, I want to be an expert in my work field with proficient skills. In later years, I want to become a strong leader who can maximize the productivity of the team, which eventually lead to a great profit to the company.
When I had my consciousness, I was already a native speaker of two languages. I lived in Taiwan and China from two and half years old to seventeen years old, since my father was sent to these countries by his company. I naturally acquired native-level Mandarin skill thanks to my life in Taiwan, later I even acquired English due to my 4 years of studies at the American school. In the fourteen years period, since my father was transferred to work in different areas, I moved to live in a number of different places, and transferred to study in schools with different education policies. My wandering life gave me an opportunity to meet all types of people with various cultural backgrounds, nationality, and ideologies, which eventually had given me great communication skill to be friend with all people, and an empathetic mind to understand and acknowledge differences. Consequently, even when I got back to Korea at eighteen, I had no problem making friends and adapting to this new society.
I believe one of the most influential events in my life happened when I was an eighth grader, and when I was living in Shanghai. I am a small person, and I used to be really cowardice and lacked of confidence. At that summer, I was surfing on the Internet, and I coincidently watched a video-- a mixed martial arts (MMA) video where two men were fighting each other. At first, I watched it nonchalantly, but eventually, I was shocked, because the winner won the fight without throwing single punches. The winner, Minotauro Nogueira, who was twice as small as his opponent, took his opponent down to the floor, controlled him, and eventually submitted him with an armlock technique. I quickly googled this person, and found out he is a master of a martial art called `Brazilian Jiu-jitsu (BJJ),` which is a martial art that allows a smaller person with defeat bigger ones with precise techniques.
I believe I had my personality changed at this moment. I had a hope that a person with inferior physical abilities can eventually overcome their weakness, which encouraged me and motivated me a lot to become an extroversive person who can communicate with everyone. However, there were no BJJ gyms in China at that time, so I watched videos on Youtube and studied it by myself, and eventually started to train it in Korea, when I was a college freshman.
The art of BJJ eventually made me compete at tournaments because it strongly emphasizes practitioners to spar and to compete. My seven years of experience in competition turned me in a competitive person who loves to challenge in new things. I turned into a person who is not satisfying with my current status, ever-trying to set a higher goal and to put full effort to achieve it. It is always anxious to face a new and unknown environment, or to start a career that I am new to. However, after learning the philosophies of Jiu-jitsu, I learned how to face and deal with the fear, and dauntlessly engage in it.
2017 and 2018 are years that many serious current issues happened, some of which is still on-going now. From these issues, the one that catches my attention most the new trade policy published by Trump administration, because it has a huge impact on the global trade market, U.S. economy, and South Korean economy as well.
In March 2018, President Donald Trump published a new tariff law on steel and aluminum products that are being imported into the U.S. His purpose of publishing the new trade strategy was to protect the steel and aluminum industry in states, which is diminishing drastically in recent years. The new tax law eventually invoked some huge reactions from the global market.
Trump`s new steel tariff was exempted in a few countries, such as Argentina, Brazil, and South Korea. In the case of Korea, the exemption was approved due to the acceptive attitude from the Korean government in the new FTA negotiation. Moreover, the U.S. also revised the tariff law on other items like solar panels, washing machines, and automobile, which had a huge damage to South Korean companies like Samsung and L.G.
In the consequence of new tariffs, countries like China, Canada, and EU proposed retaliatory tariffs on items that are imported from the U.S. Ultimately, U.S. declared the trade war on China, where the logic was that cheap Chinese products are killing the U.S. industry and economy. Both countries started to put more tariffs on different items, and consequently, there were more damages to the Chinese industry, where companies like ZTE was about to be bankrupted.
In my opinion, the tariff issue is crucial to the South Korean companies because the tax itself has a huge impact on our market, but also the tariff war between the U.S. and other countries can bruise our economy. Therefore, I assert that our government needs some new strategies or alternative plans to protect our industries from all these foreign influences, and to minimize all afflictions from the new tariffs.
Years ago, when I was still a college student, I was taking a major course called `The Practical Use of the English Teaching Methods.` Since this course was an English course, many international students were taking this course as well as Korean students. At the end of the course, the professor asked students to conduct a group presentation, and each group consisted of two to three people. My group had three members, and each of us different backgrounds: I majored in Linguistics and had a foreign life experience, the other member had Education major and had the Korean background, and the last member was a Canadian who majored in Business.
Our presentation topic was about the content-based instruction (CBI), which is the language teaching method that uses different topics to intrigue students` interest. I purposed a teaching plan about using sports as the contents and teaching students some basic sports terminologies and basic sentence structures. However, our group had some oppositions. The girl major in Education wanted to conduct a science lab, the one she had seen from a TOSEL course video, and the Canadian girl wanted to use English movies and songs to instruct students some basic vocabulary and speaking skills. I was okay with the movie plan, but I was opposed to the science lab because an experiment can be really complicated, and presenters ourself are amateurish in science. However, the girl major in Education was really stubborn and reluctantly wanted to conduct the science lab, so I yielded the plan to maintain the harmony of the team, and same with the Canadian girl.
Our science lab was about the water absorption-- we let students put folded paper flowers on a plate which is filled with water, so eventually, the flower petals would blossom. On the presentation day, due to our hard preparation, the presentation was successful-- students were interested in the science lab. At last, I learned that the harmony is the key to be successful in a group project.